Hello everyone and welcome to the documentation example for logistic regression for the classification
section of machine learning with SPARK.
In this lecture we are going to walk you through the official documentation example that comes a spark
to show you how to actually create logistic regression classifier.
And in this example they also make use of something called an object and Sparke.
We're going to introduce this concept and then later on throughout the course when we actually talk
about expanding this to big data clusters on A W-S We will talk more about objects.
I'm going to jump to the text editor now and open up a file to get started.
OK here I am at the classification folder and I've opened up Doc underscore Lague Reg Skala and this
is basically the actual documentation example I've just put it in a script here so you can easily find
it.
You'll notice that this makes use of something called object.
We're going to explore objects a lot later on in the course but right now I'll just keep things simple
and basic explained object as a way to package a bunch of functions together.
You can call off of an object we're going to walk through this documentation example line by line and
then in the next lecture I will actually code out line by line.
A more complicated example but let's see just a quick taste of what a logistic regression classifier
looks like with Sparke.
First thing you want to do is go to import or a patch that sparked the MLK classification and then choose
your algorithm.
In this case we want to keep things simple so we will choose the most basic classification algorithm
which is logistic regression.
Maybe not most basic but at least extremely common.
Then we also need to import that Apache that sparked that sequel spark session and then we are going
to create an object.
And as I mentioned later on we will actually show in more detail objects are free.
Now you can basically think of an object as a way to organize a bunch of functions and values together.
And this is a very simple object from the documentation that basically just has one function called
Main.
So we create this object called logistic regression.
In this case lastic are classic example.
That's the actual documentation example.
So if you go to the documentation it will tell you to find this file.
Here we just got a subset of it.
Then we create a function main and this main unit basically just starts the spark session.
Gives it a name we load in our training data spark that read that format and again we're using this
kind of strange formatting lib SVM and we are loading up this sample app SVM data text and it looks
a little strange but that's just the way it goes.
We'll show you later on the next lecture how to actually load from a c v file or some other more common
file formats.
And then here's where it comes into play.
The logistic regression we want to save Velle L R for religious regression equals create a new logistic
regression model object and then you can set parameters.
In this case the documentation example has already set several parameters for logistic regression such
as Max adorations elastic net parameters etc..
If you want to find out more about what these parameter values actually mean I encourage you to do the
reading in an introduction to SQL learning where they cover a lot of these topics and what these parameters
actually mean.
A lot of times you have to actually set these parameters depending on what your data looks like.
So there's no right or wrong answer as far as what values to put in here.
If you want more understanding about the mathematics behind what this parameter values actually mean
definitely check out the reading.
Once you've created the model you can go ahead and fit the model.
And as a quick note back to these parameters you don't even have to set any parameters.
You don't want to and then you can say print the coefficients.
Here we are going to print the logistic regression coefficients and we call it directly off the model.
Once been fit to that training data and then we can also print out the intercept of the logistic regression
model.
And here we can say sparked up stop because an entire object want to go ahead and stop that spark session.
I'm going to save this and show you how to run it.
Going to open a new terminal load that up it now I'm going to just say spark the shell and hit enter
and load up a spark shell
OK my spark Shell has started up and I have a spark session ready to go.
Now let's load this start script and once we load it and run it we'll have a better understanding of
how this object notation actually works.
Godsake colon load doc underscore log Regg Scala and we're going to load it and do the imports and then
notice that it says the find object logis logistic regression of elastic net example and we have no
actual output results.
Given everything that we just asked for.
That's because we have to actually call this main method or function off of this object.
Which means if I call logistic I can actually probably have autocomplete this but disaggregation with
tab autocomplete main close parentheses enter.
Now I'm actually calling this main function which in this case calls that sparked sessions grabs at
training data creates the logistic regression model fits the model and then prints out the coefficients
in the intercept of that model.
And this is what it's going to look like when you actually run an object.
And later on we'll show you how to pack these even more using something like SBT.
You notice here we actually get the output.
Now the reason we haven't been really using this sort of notation with objects is because if we look
back at the scripts notice that we have training data.
Maybe you want to know what that training data actually looks like.
Usually in the spark shell after running the scripts that we've been showing you you would have been
able to say something like training that show.
But in this case since it's actually inside of the object it's not going to be able to find those values.
Those are stopped when you have only the object itself.
And notice that in this object we also stopped the spark session down here and that's why we've been
kind of avoiding this sort of object notation because it's not very useful when you're just trying to
learn this stuff when you're just learning this stuff.
It's really nice to have functions and values created line by line that way once you run your script
in the spark shell.
You can actually play around those values to understand them more OK.
That's really all there is for this symbologist regression classifier documentation example.
If you didn't understand too much about this don't worry we're actually going to dive much deeper line
by line and code out a full logistic regression example.
And that's going to be coming up in the next lecture where we walk you through this file right here.
Log Regg example.
And no here we won't be following the object notation.
That way you can just play around with all these values in the actual Spark's shell.
OK.
If you have any questions feel free to post them to the Q&A forums but hopefully this was just a very
simple overview of how to create a logistic regression classifier.
By now I should start feeling familiar.
Based on what you've done with the linear regression class or excuse me linear regression models basically
you just import these models get your data.
Train those models after creating a model of some sort of parameters.
If you want the parameters and then you can grab stuff off that trained model.
OK thanks everyone and I will see you at the next lecture.